OSDOCS-7061: Documented the AWS Wavelength zone feature (#69537)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/post-install-edge-aws-extend-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/aws-compute-edge-tasks-zones

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="post-install-edge-aws-extend-cluster_{context}"]
= Extend existing clusters to use AWS zones

As a post-installation task, you can extend an existing {product-title} cluster on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to use AWS {zone-type}.

Extending nodes to {zone-type} locations comprises the following steps:

- Adjusting the cluster-network maximum transmission unit (MTU).
- Opting in the {zone-type} group to AWS {zone-type}.
- Creating a subnet in the existing VPC for a {zone-type} location.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Before you extend an existing {product-title} cluster on AWS to use {zone-type}, check that the existing VPC contains available Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) blocks. These blocks are needed for creating the subnets.
====
+
- Creating the machine set manifest, and then creating a node in each Local Zone or Wavelength Zone location.
- You added a permission for creating network resources that support AWS {zone-type} to the Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role. For example:
+

> .Example of an additional IAM policy that attached `ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup`, `ec2:CreateCarrierGateway`, and `ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway` permissions to a user or role for a Local Zone

Reviewer: Incorrect statement for Local Zones. LZ does not support Carrier gateways so don't need to add permissions to manipulate that kind of resources. 

If you review the original source there are statements to isolate by zone-types, please isolate it according to the new format.

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/69128/files#diff-92599038675fb48d0094487829ff14c7e28123fb6302ffb15442e9dc9e3a1d86R10-R56

Author: I attempted to reduce creating a separate doc book for day-2 WZ tasks, as it might be excessive given that the majority of LZ and QZ info is shared. 

Would specifically stating WZ around the example help or do you think having two books would help? The [Post-installation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/post_installation_configuration/index.html) section of the OCP docs needs an overhaul as it's a large mix of different platform tasks. Some discussion has been in place to move the platform-specific Post-installation documents to their [Installing section](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/installing/installing_aws/preparing-to-install-on-aws.html) of the customer docs.

Author: ![Screenshot from 2024-01-23 10-52-50](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/5f892f45-5cc6-4b35-982e-60fe667bcb6d)

> - Wavelength Zone only: Adding a permission to the Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role, so that the required network resources can be created. For example:
> +
> .Example of an additional IAM policy that attaches `ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup`, `ec2:CreateCarrierGateway`, and `ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway` permissions to a user or role
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> {
>   "Version": "2012-10-17",
>   "Statement": [
>     {
>       "Action": [
>         "ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup"
>       ],
>       "Effect": "Allow",
>       "Resource": "*"
>     }
>   ]
> }
> ----
> +
> .Example of an additional IAM policy that attaches `ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup`, `ec2:CreateCarrierGateway`, and `ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway` permissions to a user or role for a Wavelength Zone
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> {
>   "Version": "2012-10-17",
>   "Statement": [
>     {
>       "Effect": "Allow",
>       "Action": [
>         "ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway",
>         "ec2:CreateCarrierGateway"
>       ],
>       "Resource": "*"
>     },
>     {
>       "Action": [
>         "ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup"
>       ],
>       "Effect": "Allow",
>       "Resource": "*"
>     }
>   ]
> }
> ----

Reviewer: A little bit confused statement. Required to change before GA.

- We are providing an example without providing the instruction. Which permissions should be added?
- Missing for LZ
- Duplicate example description, different snippet

Suggestion:
```suggestion
- Local Zones only: Adding the permission  `ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup` to the Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role, so that the required network resources can be created. For example:
+
.Example of an additional IAM policy for AWS Local Zones deployments
+
[source,yaml]
----
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Action": [
        "ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
----

- Wavelength Zone only: Adding the permissions  `ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup`, `ec2:CreateCarrierGateway`, and `ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway` to the Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role, so that the required network resources can be created. For example:
+
.Example of an additional IAM policy for AWS Wavelength Zones deployments
+
[source,yaml]
----
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "ec2:DeleteCarrierGateway",
        "ec2:CreateCarrierGateway"
      ],
      "Resource": "*"
    },
    {
      "Action": [
        "ec2:ModifyAvailabilityZoneGroup"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
----
```

Author: Replaced
